or the girls welcome to the channel one
Again, first of all, I want to ask you
speech if they hear me the voice a bit
rare what happens that I'm sick
and today I bring you a video that makes
It was a little while ago
proposed and some girls said that
They would like you to talk about this and
I have a brief review about water
thermal
first I will explain what it is
thermal water is a liquid that is in
the depths of the earth is water
It is usually at high temperatures
and it reaches the surface goes up to the
surface through large cracks
geological during the ascent and
as it goes up it goes picking
different minerals that is what it gives you
the unique feature
this unique this type of liquid treats
I have the sea water of abel in it
the largest size
well as well as if it were an aerosol
we stop like this is going to see
back is like that
and I'm going to tell you what minerals have
I'm going to read them because I do not remember them
of memory and I will tell you what we
will help each mineral
we start with the chloride the chloride we
will help regulate the bait of the face
and to calm the irritation that we can
have if we get a rash or
we have a good allergic reaction
this will not calm the irritation and the
itch
has sulfate that help the
elasticity of the skin and has effect
relaxing
this is useful when we stay over
let's be others
it also has fluorine that this is one of
the most important components for me
or those that you consider most important
because fluorine has a one action
Antibacterial antiseptic and
disinfectant
that is why as they will have been
account is that when I maquillo
sprayed on the brush and then I
I apply makeup with that because the
brush with which he applied the base does not
I praise daily or if I recorded once for
week or so then he pulverized
a bad water to disinfect it and not
bring bacteria to my skin so I avoided
will start in granites bar two
black spots
also it contains iron as iron
what you are going to do is improve the conditions
that we have on the skin has on the
copper will favor the collagen to the
melanin which is what gives the pigment of
the skin and in the keratin that is the
main component of that of the
epidermis also contains without the
What zinc is going to do is give
and help us keep the skin hydrated
and also has a restorative action
that counteracts acne
that component is also very important
they also contain magnesium calcium that
what they are going to help is to activate the
enzymes of the skin and finally contains
sodium that sodium rises equilibrating e
hydric of the skin and then good as
have heard he has a lot of
minerals
it is good that they dare to try it
because I think it's going to be useful for them
heap
Now I 'm going to talk to you a little about the
uses that I give yes
I do not know if there are more I give these
four and I'm going to share them with
you the first one is to moisturize I do not know if
it happens to them sometimes we arrive
but we are not going to the
somewhere and it's very hot or
we know we're going to be outdoors
and it's very hot then maybe
if we put a cream we can open
give a quick face on all the
people that we face face with
fat trend then what
they can do is use a little bit of the water
thermal and dry it with a cloth this is going to
help life to be hydrated but
We will not feel heavy
the second use that I give is for
remove makeup stalls from
makeup and make-up remover
sometimes when we get very tired if
It's late and I do not feel like doing all
my night routine the make-up remover
what are we going to retire with a wipe
with a natural and is make-up remover and
good eyes yes or if it has to be with
make-up remover a little stronger
but it gives me confidence to wash my face
then what I do is go back he made a
little thermal water and with the same cloth
to clean me if there is a part left
clean again happens to me to remove
all all the remains that may have
remained of makeup or the
make-up remover if it is too greasy
the fourth use is
cool the congested ies
try it and you will not regret it
some day they burn excessively if
they are exposed to the sun excessively
and their skin burns
if it is placed in the water it will give them a
feeling of calm that ardor and going to
help the irritation go away more
Quick
and the fourth and last use that is the most
frequent that is to fix the makeup
I repeat the above and I
placed on the brush good and in addition to
disinfect the use for me to fix
the base if you have any way out
some party if they want to fix even more
the makeup after they finish they
they give a spray of water and leave it
dry
this time they will not dry it with a
cloth will let it dry alone and that
will make you last a long time
more time what have been done so
Well I hope you liked the
video
I invite you to subscribe I invite you to
subscribe and well I leave you a little kiss
any question or if you know
any other use you have named or
some other mineral that has not been named
leave in the information box like this
we are all learning a little bit good
I send them a kiss and wait for them in the
next